https://codepen.io/Kristina2215/pen/NWrvaER

 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
 Semantic HTML is the use of html to reinforce meaning of the information in a webpage.
2. What is HTML used for? 
 Hyper Text Markup Language used to turn information into webpages.
3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
 Attributes are used to include information in an element that we dont want to render on a webpage.
4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
 The h1 tag is the main header for a page and should only be used once per webpage.
 5. Name two tags that have required attributes
  the img and anchor element.
6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
  metadata
7. What is an id? 
 an id is used to identify an element 
8. What elements can I add an id to?
 elements in html 
9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    only once
10. What is a class?
 specifies a name for an element 
11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    a group of elements 
12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
 only once 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
<a href="link" target="_blank"></a> 
14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
  an alternative text for and image if it can not be displayed
15. How do I reference an id?
  #
16. What is the difference between a section and a div
 section defines sections and div will block elements
17. What is CSS used for? 
 styling a webpage
18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
 .h2{}
19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
 id is used mainly for single elements such as header and footer. class is used for multiple elements such as 
 paragraphs and links.
 20. How do we select classes in CSS?
  .classname
21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
 .p human{}
22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
  a child is a specified element that would be considered the parent. when making a list ul or ol.
23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
 # content a{}
24. What is a pseudo selector?
 CSS selectors
25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
 line-height:
26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
 letter-spacing:
27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
 text-transform:
28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
 .div{
     border: dotted black 1px;
 }
 29. How do I select everything on the page? 
  * selects all elements
30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
 /* comment goes here */
31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
  ls
32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
 dir
33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
 rm <file> you have to be careful because it will be lost forever 
34. Why should I use version control? 
 to keep track of changes and keep up with team members who you are working with.
35. How often should I commit to github?
 whenever you make major changes.
36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
 git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
     a block element will create a new line after the closin tag and inline will not.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
    absolute postitioned elements are removed from the documents flow  
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 